BANJARMASIN
tes1_banjarmasin -> Asep
tes2_banjarmasin -> Sutisna
tes3_banjarmasin -> Mulyana
tes4_banjarmasin -> Usep
tes5_banjarmasin -> Engkus
tes6_banjarmasin -> Agus
tes7_banjarmasin -> Dayat
tes8_banjarmasin -> Aceng
tes9_banjarmasin -> Ajat

BELAWAN
tes1_belawan -> Anggia
tes2_belawan -> Adelia
tes3_belawan -> Andini
tes4_belawan -> Andari
tes5_belawan -> Anne
tes6_belawan -> Assyifa
tes7_belawan -> Annisa
tes8_belawan -> Aulia
tes9_belawan -> Amel

CILACAP
tes1_cilacap -> Trisno
tes2_cilacap -> Jarwo
tes3_cilacap -> Yanto
tes4_cilacap -> Sujiwo
tes5_cilacap -> Tarno
tes6_cilacap -> Wiryo
tes7_cilacap -> Listio
tes8_cilacap -> Andiro
tes9_cilacap -> Mulyono

BATAM
tes1_batam -> Agung
tes2_batam -> Dila
tes3_batam -> Jemmy
tes4_batam -> Yusuf
tes5_batam -> Malik
tes6_batam -> Dodi
tes7_batam -> Danang
tes8_batam -> Raffi
tes9_batam -> Husein

BALIKPAPAN
tes1_balikpapan -> Zulfi
tes2_balikpapan -> Fadlan
tes3_balikpapan -> Diah
tes4_balikpapan -> Iwan
tes5_balikpapan -> Gina
tes6_balikpapan -> Dewi
tes7_balikpapan -> Hilda
tes8_balikpapan -> Fajar
tes9_balikpapan -> Dira

GRESIK
tes1_gresik -> Bayu
tes2_gresik -> Eko
tes3_gresik -> Dito
tes4_gresik -> Darno
tes5_gresik -> Anggoro
tes6_gresik -> Yulianto
tes7_gresik -> Suharto
tes8_gresik -> Sundoro
tes9_gresik -> Darto

JAWA BARAT
tes1_jabar -> Aep
tes2_jabar -> Ndin
tes3_jabar -> Aang
tes4_jabar -> Acep
tes5_jabar -> Maman
tes6_jabar -> Mulyadi
tes7_jabar -> Iky
tes8_jabar -> Enjang
tes9_jabar -> Dadang

LHOKSEUMAWE
tes1_lksm -> Teuku
tes2_lksm -> Keumala
tes3_lksm -> Ceudah
tes4_lksm -> Zuhrah
tes5_lksm -> Cut Andini
tes6_lksm -> Meulu
tes7_lksm -> Galang
tes8_lksm -> Tengku
tes9_lksm -> Antana

MAKASSAR
tes1_makassar -> Andi
tes2_makassar -> Syahrul
tes3_makassar -> Yasin
tes4_makassar -> Makkunrai
tes5_makassar -> Balla
tes6_makassar -> Abdul Razak
tes7_makassar -> Karaeng
tes8_makassar -> Hasanudin
tes9_makassar -> Daeng

MAKASSAR
tes1_makassar -> Andi
tes2_makassar -> Syahrul
tes3_makassar -> Yasin
tes4_makassar -> Makkunrai
tes5_makassar -> Balla
tes6_makassar -> Abdul Razak
tes7_makassar -> Karaeng
tes8_makassar -> Hasanudin
tes9_makassar -> Hakim

MERAK
tes1_merak -> Mamat
tes2_merak -> Asnawi
tes3_merak -> Sangsang
tes4_merak -> Masduki
tes5_merak -> Syarifah
tes6_merak -> Bahrudin
tes7_merak -> Saifudin
tes8_merak -> Maman
tes9_merak -> Setiawan

NUSA TENGGARA
tes1_ntb -> Mashudi
tes2_ntb -> Syukur
tes3_ntb -> Agus
tes4_ntb -> Latif
tes5_ntb -> Bahanan
tes6_ntb -> Nasrudin
tes7_ntb -> Lalu
tes8_ntb -> Baiq
tes9_ntb -> Gede

PADANG
tes1_padang -> Mochtar
tes2_padang -> Saijunus
tes3_padang -> Fadhil
tes4_padang -> Natsir
tes5_padang -> Saiful
tes6_padang -> Ali
tes7_padang -> Amir
tes8_padang -> Ajo
tes9_padang -> Rachman

PAITON
tes1_paiton -> Abisatya
tes2_paiton -> Galuh
tes3_paiton -> Retnaning
tes4_paiton -> Gita
tes5_paiton -> Pramesty
tes6_paiton -> Ajeng
tes7_paiton -> Glewo
tes8_paiton -> Dinan
tes9_paiton -> Ayu

PANJANG
tes1_lampung -> Ellanda
tes2_lampung -> Rolly
tes3_lampung -> Yusi
tes4_lampung -> Eka
tes5_lampung -> Kurnia
tes6_lampung -> Lasesa
tes7_lampung -> Andi
tes8_lampung -> Tio
tes9_lampung -> Rizky

TANJUNG JATI
tes1_tjati -> Parlinggoman
tes2_tjati -> Abet
tes3_tjati -> Jagar
tes4_tjati -> Ingot
tes5_tjati -> Barani
tes6_tjati -> Parade
tes7_tjati -> Martinus
tes8_tjati -> Juan
tes9_tjati -> Benaya


